[DX-1803] /transaction-logs-docs (#5932)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/log-data.md

- `user_agent`: User agent string from the client.
- `status`: HTTP response status code.

To configure, set `TYK_GW_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE` environment variable with the desired values in the format: `["value1", "value2", ...]`.

##### Default log example

Configuration using `tyk.conf`

```json
{
    "access_logs": {
        "enabled": true
    }
}
```

Configuration using environment variables:

```
TYK_GW_ACCESSLOGS_ENABLED=true
```

Output:

```
time="Jan 29 08:27:09" level=info api_id=b1a41c9a89984ffd7bb7d4e3c6844ded api_key=00000000 api_name=httpbin client_ip="::1" host="localhost:8080" latency_total=62 method=GET org_id=678e6771247d80fd2c435bf3 path=/get prefix=access-log protocol=HTTP/1.1 remote_addr="[::1]:63251" status=200 upstream_addr="http://httpbin.org/get" upstream_latency=61 user_agent=PostmanRuntime/7.43.0
```

##### Custom template log example

Configuration using `tyk.conf`

```json
{
    "access_logs": {
        "enabled": true,
        "template": [
            "api_key",
            "remote_addr",
            "upstream_addr"
        ]
    }
}
```

Configuration using environment variables:

```
TYK_GW_ACCESSLOGS_ENABLED=true

> TYK_GW_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE=["api_key", "remote_addr", "upstream_addr"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TYK_GW_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE="api_key,remote_addr,upstream_addr"
```

this wasn't tested properly, thank you @komalsukhani

- `method`: HTTP method used in the request (e.g., GET, POST).
- `path`: URL path of the request.
- `protocol`: Protocol used in the request (e.g., HTTP/1.1).
- `remote_addr`: Remote address of the client.
- `upstream_addr`: Full upstream address including scheme, host, and path.
- `upstream_latency`: Roundtrip duration between the gateway sending the request to the upstream server and it receiving a response.
- `latency_total`: Total time taken for the request, including upstream latency and additional processing by the gateway.
- `user_agent`: User agent string from the client.
- `status`: HTTP response status code.

To configure, set `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE` environment variable with the desired values in the format: `["value1", "value2", ...]`.

##### Default log example

```
time="Jan 29 08:27:09" level=info api_id=b1a41c9a89984ffd7bb7d4e3c6844ded api_key=00000000 api_name=httpbin client_ip="::1" host="localhost:8080" latency_total=62 method=GET org_id=678e6771247d80fd2c435bf3 path=/get prefix=access-log protocol=HTTP/1.1 remote_addr="[::1]:63251" status=200 upstream_addr="http://httpbin.org/get" upstream_latency=61 user_agent=PostmanRuntime/7.43.0
```

> ##### Custom template log example

Reviewer: This feels redundant. If to provide an example, provide an example TYK_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE to go with it, preferrably something shorter as just [path, status].

If unset or left empty, it will default to `info`. 

> ### Enabling API Request Access Logs in Tyk Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling API Request Access Logs in Tyk Gateway

```
whitespace fix

As of Tyk Gateway `v5.8.0`, you can configure the Gateway to log individual API request transactions. To enable this feature, set the Tyk Gateway configuration `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_ENABLED` to `true`.

#### Configuring Access Logs Data
You can specify the type of data to be logged by configuring the `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE` in the Tyk Gateway configuration. Below are the available values you can include:

- `api_key`: Logs the obfuscated or hashed API key.
- `client_ip`: Logs the IP address of the request.
- `host`: Logs the host of the request.
- `method`: Logs the HTTP method of the request.
- `path`: Logs the path of the request.
- `protocol`: Logs the protocol used in the request.
- `remote_addr`: Logs the remote address of the request.
- `upstream_address`: Logs the upstream address, including scheme, host, and path.
- `upstream_latency`: Logs the upstream latency of the request.
- `latency_total`: Logs the total latency of the request.
- `user_agent`: Logs the user agent of the request.
- `status`: Logs the response status code.

To configure, set `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE` with the desired values in the format: ["value1", "value2", ...].

> #### Access Logs Performance Considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Access Logs Performance Considerations

```

If unset or left empty, it will default to `info`. 

### Enabling API Request Access Logs in Tyk Gateway

As of Tyk Gateway `v5.8.0`, you can configure the Gateway to log individual API request transactions. To enable this feature, set the Tyk Gateway configuration `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_ENABLED` to `true`.

> #### Configuring Access Logs Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuring output fields
```

> You can specify the type of data to be logged by configuring the `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE` in the Tyk Gateway configuration. Below are the available values you can include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify which fields to be logged by configuring the `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE` in the Tyk Gateway configuration. Below are the available values you can include:
```

- `api_key`: Logs the obfuscated or hashed API key.
- `client_ip`: Logs the IP address of the request.
- `host`: Logs the host of the request.
- `method`: Logs the HTTP method of the request.
- `path`: Logs the path of the request.
- `protocol`: Logs the protocol used in the request.

> - `remote_addr`: Logs the remote address of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `remote_addr`: Logs the remote address of the requesting client.
```

> - `upstream_address`: Logs the upstream address, including scheme, host, and path.

Reviewer: Naming issue was raised up here, we have remote_addr, but here we have upstream_addr.
Can you please rename the field to have an _addr prefix for consistency.
Checked up, nginx also uses `upstream_addr` as the var name. Requires an update in GW.

- `upstream_latency`: Logs the upstream latency of the request.
- `latency_total`: Logs the total latency of the request.
- `user_agent`: Logs the user agent of the request.
- `status`: Logs the response status code.

> 

Reviewer: An example filled log entry would explain better what to expect in fields output and how they differ. Some are optionally filled (remote_addr). Lack of examples leaves the reader confused.

> To configure, set `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE` with the desired values in the format: ["value1", "value2", ...].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure, set `TYK_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE` with the desired values in the format: `["value1", "value2", ...]`.
```

> #### Access Logs Performance Considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Performance Considerations
```
Already nested, may omit the "stutter"
